to have a balance with being close to your team and then being considered
fraternization. Um, that were balanced. It is a big word. Um, for
me, I'm very hands on. I like to get down down on the same level with
my sailors, and I think setting the tone in the beginning of what
your expectation is and how they see you and how they respect you.
When you are down with them in the trenches and you're giving them
tasks and things like that, I think they will. They understand. And
then that balance of being close, uh, getting into their personal lives,
maybe having to go on and pick up a a gallon of milk for them and
take it to their homes. Um, you have to think about the balance on
Dad. Ask yourself questions. You know, Would this be considered? You
know, uh, maybe too close. Fraternization. Um, questioning yourself,
asking yourself those questions may be talking to somebody else
about it, but just remembering that there is a balance of being too
close and then getting, um, deep into maybe the personal aspects of
things